---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zentral_mdm_acme_issuer Data Source - terraform-provider-zentral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source zentral_mdm_acme_issuer allows details of a MDM ACME issuer to be retrieved by its ID or its name.
---

# zentral_mdm_acme_issuer (Data Source)

The data source `zentral_mdm_acme_issuer` allows details of a MDM ACME issuer to be retrieved by its `ID` or its `name`.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) `ID` of the MDM ACME issuer (UUID).
- `name` (String) Name of the ACME issuer.

### Read-Only

- `attest` (Boolean) Indicates if the device must provide an attestation that describe the device and the generated key to the ACME issuer.
- `backend` (String) ACME issuer backend.
- `description` (String) Description of the ACME issuer.
- `directory_url` (String) Directory URL of the ACME server.
- `extended_key_usage` (Set of String) The device requests this extended key usage for the certificate that the ACME server issues.
- `hardware_bound` (Boolean) Indicates if the private key must be bound to the device.
- `ident` (Attributes) IDent backend parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ident))
- `key_size` (Number) Private key size for the ACME requests.
- `key_type` (String) Private key type for the ACME requests.
- `microsoft_ca` (Attributes) Microsoft CA backend parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--microsoft_ca))
- `okta_ca` (Attributes) Okta CA backend parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--okta_ca))
- `static_challenge` (Attributes) Static Challenge backend parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_challenge))
- `usage_flags` (Number) Private key usage flags for the ACME requests.

<a id="nestedatt--ident"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ident`

Read-Only:

- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer token.
- `max_retries` (Number) Max number of retries.
- `request_timeout` (Number) Request timeout.
- `url` (String) HTTP endpoint URL.


<a id="nestedatt--microsoft_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `microsoft_ca`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password.
- `url` (String) HTTP endpoint URL.
- `username` (String) Username.


<a id="nestedatt--okta_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `okta_ca`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password.
- `url` (String) HTTP endpoint URL.
- `username` (String) Username.


<a id="nestedatt--static_challenge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_challenge`

Read-Only:

- `challenge` (String, Sensitive) Challenge.
