---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zentral_osquery_query Data Source - terraform-provider-zentral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source zentral_osquery_query allows details of a Osquery query to be retrieved by its ID or name.
---

# zentral_osquery_query (Data Source)

The data source `zentral_osquery_query` allows details of a Osquery query to be retrieved by its `ID` or name.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (Number) `ID` of the query.
- `name` (String) Name of the query.
- `scheduling` (Attributes) Attributes to link a query to a pack for scheduling. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduling))
- `tag_id` (Number) `ID` of the machine tag that is updated by this query.

### Read-Only

- `compliance_check_enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, the query will be used as compliance check. Defaults to `false`.
- `description` (String) Description of the query.
- `minimum_osquery_version` (String) Only run on Osquery versions greater than or equal-to this version string
- `platforms` (Set of String) Restrict the query to some platforms, default is 'all' platforms
- `sql` (String) The SQL query to run.
- `value` (String) Description of the results returned by the query.
- `version` (Number) Version of the query.

<a id="nestedatt--scheduling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling`

Optional:

- `shard` (Number) Restrict this query to a percentage (1-100) of target hosts.

Read-Only:

- `can_be_denylisted` (Boolean) If `true`, this query can be denylisted when stopped by the watchdog for excessive resource consumption. Defaults to `true`.
- `interval` (Number) the query frequency, in seconds. It has a maximum value of 604,800 (1 week).
- `log_removed_actions` (Boolean) If `true`, remove actions should be logged. Default to `true`.
- `pack_id` (Number) The `ID` of the pack.
- `snapshot_mode` (Boolean) If `true`, differentials will not be stored and this query will not emulate an event stream. Defaults to `false`.
