---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zentral_santa_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-zentral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source zentral_santa_rule allows details of a Santa rule to be retrieved by its ID.
---

# zentral_santa_rule (Data Source)

The data source `zentral_santa_rule` allows details of a Santa rule to be retrieved by its `ID`.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (Number) `ID` of the Santa rule.

### Read-Only

- `configuration_id` (Number) `ID` of the Santa configuration.
- `custom_message` (String) Custom message displayed in the popover when a binary is blocked.
- `description` (String) Description of the rule. Only displayed in the Zentral GUI.
- `excluded_primary_users` (Set of String) The excluded primary users used to scope the rule.
- `excluded_serial_numbers` (Set of String) The excluded serial numbers used to scope the rule.
- `excluded_tag_ids` (Set of Number) The `ID`s of the excluded tags used to scope the rule.
- `policy` (String) Policy. Valid values are `ALLOWLIST`, `BLOCKLIST`, `SILENT_BLOCKLIST` and `ALLOWLIST_COMPILER`.
- `primary_users` (Set of String) The primary users used to scope the rule.
- `ruleset_id` (Number) `ID` of the Santa ruleset.
- `serial_numbers` (Set of String) The serial numbers used to scope the rule.
- `tag_ids` (Set of Number) The `ID`s of the tags used to scope the rule.
- `target_identifier` (String) Target identifier: binary, bundle, certificate sha256 or team ID.
- `target_type` (String) Target type. Valid values are `BINARY`, `BUNDLE`, `CERTIFICATE`, `SIGNINGID` and `TEAMID`.
- `version` (Number) Rule version.


