---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zentral_santa_configuration Data Source - terraform-provider-zentral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The data source zentral_santa_configuration allows details of a Santa configuration to be retrieved by its ID or name.
---

# zentral_santa_configuration (Data Source)

The data source `zentral_santa_configuration` allows details of a Santa configuration to be retrieved by its `ID` or name.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (Number) `ID` of the Santa configuration.
- `name` (String) Name of the Santa configuration.

### Read-Only

- `allow_unknown_shard` (Number) Restrict the reporting of 'Allow Unknown' events to a percentage (0-100) of hosts.
- `allowed_path_regex` (String) A regex to allow if the binary, certificate, or Team ID scopes did not allow/block execution.
- `batch_size` (Number) The number of rules to download or events to upload per request.
- `block_usb_mount` (Boolean) If set to `true` blocking USB Mass storage feature is enabled.
- `blocked_path_regex` (String) A regex to block if the binary, certificate, or Team ID scopes did not allow/block an execution.
- `client_certificate_auth` (Boolean) If `true`, mTLS is required between Santa and Zentral.
- `client_mode` (String) Client mode of the Santa configuration.
- `enable_all_event_upload_shard` (Number) Restrict the upload of all execution events to Zentral, including those that were explicitly allowed, to a percentage (0-100) of hosts
- `enable_bundles` (Boolean) If set to `true` the bundle scanning feature is enabled.
- `enable_transitive_rules` (Boolean) If set to `true` the transitive rule feature is enabled.
- `full_sync_interval` (Number) The max time to wait before performing a full sync with the server.
- `remount_usb_mode` (Set of String) Array of strings for arguments to pass to `mount -o`.
- `sync_incident_severity` (Number) If 100, 200, 300, incidents will be automatically opened and closed when the santa agent rules are out of sync.


