---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zentral_mdm_enterprise_app Resource - terraform-provider-zentral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource zentral_mdm_enterprise_app manages MDM enterprise apps.
---

# zentral_mdm_enterprise_app (Resource)

The resource `zentral_mdm_enterprise_app` manages MDM enterprise apps.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `artifact_id` (String) `ID` of the app artifact.
- `package_sha256` (String) The hexadecimal digest of the sha256 hash of the package.
- `package_uri` (String) The URI of the app package.
- `version` (Number) Version of the app.

### Optional

- `configuration` (String) A dictionary serialized as plist that contains the initial configuration of the app.
- `default_shard` (Number) The default shard value. Defaults to `100`.
- `excluded_tag_ids` (Set of Number) Machines tagged with one of these tags will not receive the app.
- `install_as_managed` (Boolean) If `true`, install the app as a managed app. Defaults to `false`.
- `ios` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the app on iOS devices.
- `ios_app` (Boolean) Indicates if the app is an iOS app that can run on an Apple silicon in macOS 11 and later. Defaults to `false`
- `ios_max_version` (String) Devices with this iOS version or higher will **not** receive this app.
- `ios_min_version` (String) Devices with this iOS version or higher will receive this app.
- `ipados` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the app on iPadOS devices.
- `ipados_max_version` (String) Devices with this iPadOS version or higher will **not** receive this app.
- `ipados_min_version` (String) Devices with this iPadOS version or higher will receive this app.
- `macos` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the app on macOS devices.
- `macos_max_version` (String) Devices with this macOS version or higher will **not** receive this app.
- `macos_min_version` (String) Devices with this macOS version or higher will receive this app.
- `remove_on_unenroll` (Boolean) If `true`, the app will be removed when the device is unenrolled. Defaults to `false`.
- `shard_modulo` (Number) The modulo used to calculate the shards. Defaults to `100`.
- `tag_shards` (Attributes Set) A set of tag shard values different from the default shard, to determine if the tagged machines will receive the app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_shards))
- `tvos` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the app on tvOS devices.
- `tvos_max_version` (String) Devices with this tvOS version or higher will **not** receive this app.
- `tvos_min_version` (String) Devices with this tvOS version or higher will receive this app.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) `ID` of the app.

<a id="nestedatt--tag_shards"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_shards`

Required:

- `shard` (Number) The shard for the tag.
- `tag_id` (Number) The `ID` of the tag.
