---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zentral_mdm_scep_issuer Resource - terraform-provider-zentral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource zentral_mdm_scep_issuer manages MDM SCEP issuers.
---

# zentral_mdm_scep_issuer (Resource)

The resource `zentral_mdm_scep_issuer` manages MDM SCEP issuers.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backend` (String) SCEP issuer backend.
- `name` (String) Name of the SCEP issuer.
- `url` (String) URL of the SCEP issuer.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the SCEP issuer.
- `ident` (Attributes) IDent backend parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ident))
- `key_size` (Number) The key size in bits, either `1024`, `2048`, or `4096`. Defaults to `2048`.
- `key_usage` (Number) A bitmask that specifies the use of the key: `1` is signing, `4` is encryption, and `5` is both signing and encryption. Defaults to `0`.
- `microsoft_ca` (Attributes) Microsoft CA backend parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--microsoft_ca))
- `okta_ca` (Attributes) Okta CA backend parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--okta_ca))
- `static_challenge` (Attributes) Static Challenge backend parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_challenge))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) `ID` of the SCEP issuer (UUID).

<a id="nestedatt--ident"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ident`

Required:

- `bearer_token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer token.
- `url` (String) HTTP endpoint URL.

Optional:

- `max_retries` (Number) Max number of retries.
- `request_timeout` (Number) Request timeout.


<a id="nestedatt--microsoft_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `microsoft_ca`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password.
- `url` (String) HTTP endpoint URL.
- `username` (String) Username.


<a id="nestedatt--okta_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `okta_ca`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password.
- `url` (String) HTTP endpoint URL.
- `username` (String) Username.


<a id="nestedatt--static_challenge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_challenge`

Required:

- `challenge` (String, Sensitive) Challenge.
