---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zentral_mdm_data_asset Resource - terraform-provider-zentral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource zentral_mdm_data_asset manages MDM data assets.
---

# zentral_mdm_data_asset (Resource)

The resource `zentral_mdm_data_asset` manages MDM data assets.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `artifact_id` (String) `ID` of the data asset artifact.
- `file_sha256` (String) The hexadecimal digest of the sha256 hash of the file.
- `file_uri` (String) The URI of the data asset file.
- `type` (String) The type of the data asset file.
- `version` (Number) Version of the data asset.

### Optional

- `default_shard` (Number) The default shard value. Defaults to `100`.
- `excluded_tag_ids` (Set of Number) Machines tagged with one of these tags will not receive the data asset.
- `ios` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the data asset on iOS devices.
- `ios_max_version` (String) Devices with this iOS version or higher will **not** receive this data asset.
- `ios_min_version` (String) Devices with this iOS version or higher will receive this data asset.
- `ipados` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the data asset on iPadOS devices.
- `ipados_max_version` (String) Devices with this iPadOS version or higher will **not** receive this data asset.
- `ipados_min_version` (String) Devices with this iPadOS version or higher will receive this data asset.
- `macos` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the data asset on macOS devices.
- `macos_max_version` (String) Devices with this macOS version or higher will **not** receive this data asset.
- `macos_min_version` (String) Devices with this macOS version or higher will receive this data asset.
- `shard_modulo` (Number) The modulo used to calculate the shards. Defaults to `100`.
- `tag_shards` (Attributes Set) A set of tag shard values different from the default shard, to determine if the tagged machines will receive the data asset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_shards))
- `tvos` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the data asset on tvOS devices.
- `tvos_max_version` (String) Devices with this tvOS version or higher will **not** receive this data asset.
- `tvos_min_version` (String) Devices with this tvOS version or higher will receive this data asset.

### Read-Only

- `file_size` (Number) The size of the data asset file.
- `filename` (String) The name of the data asset file.
- `id` (String) `ID` of the data asset.

<a id="nestedatt--tag_shards"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_shards`

Required:

- `shard` (Number) The shard for the tag.
- `tag_id` (Number) The `ID` of the tag.
