---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zentral_mdm_store_app Resource - terraform-provider-zentral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource zentral_mdm_store_app manages MDM store apps.
---

# zentral_mdm_store_app (Resource)

The resource `zentral_mdm_store_app` manages MDM store apps.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# First we fetch the ID of the apps & books location

data "zentral_mdm_location" "default" {
  name = "My Apps & Books Location"
}


# Then we fetch the ID of the location asset (the store app).

data "zentral_mdm_location_asset" "macos-slack" {
  location_id   = data.zentral_mdm_location.default.id
  adam_id       = "803453959"
  pricing_param = "STDQ"
}

# We add the artifact to manage the store app.

resource "zentral_mdm_artifact" "macos-slack" {
  name      = "Slack for macOS"
  type      = "Store App"
  channel   = "Device"
  platforms = ["macOS"]
}

# We add the store app, which is an artifact version

resource "zentral_mdm_store_app" "macos-slack-1" {
  artifact_id       = zentral_mdm_artifact.macos-slack.id
  location_asset_id = data.zentral_mdm_location_asset.macos-slack.id
  version           = 1
  macos             = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `artifact_id` (String) `ID` of the app artifact.
- `location_asset_id` (Number) The location asset `ID`.
- `version` (Number) Version of the app.

### Optional

- `associated_domains` (List of String) An array that contains the associated domains to add to this app. Available in iOS 13 and later.
- `associated_domains_enable_direct_downloads` (Boolean) If `true`, perform claimed site association verification directly at the domain instead of on Apple's servers. Only set this to `true` for domains that can't access the internet. Available in iOS 14 and later. Defaults to `false`.
- `configuration` (String) A dictionary serialized as plist that contains the initial configuration of the app.
- `content_filter_uuid` (String) The content filter UUID for this app. Available in iOS 16 and later.
- `default_shard` (Number) The default shard value. Defaults to `100`.
- `dns_proxy_uuid` (String) The DNS proxy UUID for this app. Available in iOS 16 and later..
- `excluded_tag_ids` (Set of Number) Machines tagged with one of these tags will not receive the app.
- `ios` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the app on iOS devices.
- `ios_max_version` (String) Devices with this iOS version or higher will **not** receive this app.
- `ios_min_version` (String) Devices with this iOS version or higher will receive this app.
- `ipados` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the app on iPadOS devices.
- `ipados_max_version` (String) Devices with this iPadOS version or higher will **not** receive this app.
- `ipados_min_version` (String) Devices with this iPadOS version or higher will receive this app.
- `macos` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the app on macOS devices.
- `macos_max_version` (String) Devices with this macOS version or higher will **not** receive this app.
- `macos_min_version` (String) Devices with this macOS version or higher will receive this app.
- `prevent_backup` (Boolean) If `true`, prevent backup of app data. Defaults to `false`.
- `removable` (Boolean) If `false`, this app isn't removable while it's a managed app. Available in iOS 14 and later, and tvOS 14 and later. Defaults to `false`.
- `remove_on_unenroll` (Boolean) If `true`, the app will be removed when the device is unenrolled. Defaults to `true`.
- `shard_modulo` (Number) The modulo used to calculate the shards. Defaults to `100`.
- `tag_shards` (Attributes Set) A set of tag shard values different from the default shard, to determine if the tagged machines will receive the app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_shards))
- `tvos` (Boolean) Toggles the installation of the app on tvOS devices.
- `tvos_max_version` (String) Devices with this tvOS version or higher will **not** receive this app.
- `tvos_min_version` (String) Devices with this tvOS version or higher will receive this app.
- `vpn_uuid` (String) A per-app VPN unique identifier for this app. Available in iOS 7 and later.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) `ID` of the app.

<a id="nestedatt--tag_shards"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_shards`

Required:

- `shard` (Number) The shard for the tag.
- `tag_id` (Number) The `ID` of the tag.
