---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zentral_munki_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-zentral"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource zentral_munki_configuration manages Munki configurations.
---

# zentral_munki_configuration (Resource)

The resource `zentral_munki_configuration` manages Munki configurations.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Munki configuration.

### Optional

- `auto_failed_install_incidents` (Boolean) If `true`, incidents will be managed automatically when package failed installs are observed. Defaults to `false`.
- `auto_reinstall_incidents` (Boolean) If `true`, incidents will be managed automatically when package reinstalls are observed. Defaults to `false`.
- `collected_condition_keys` (Set of String) Set of the condition keys to collect.
- `description` (String) Description of the Munki configuration.
- `inventory_apps_full_info_shard` (Number) Percentage of machines configured to collect the full inventory apps information. Defaults to `100`.
- `managed_installs_sync_interval_days` (Number) Interval in days between full managed installs sync. Defaults to 7 days.
- `principal_user_detection_domains` (Set of String) Set of principal user detection domains.
- `principal_user_detection_sources` (List of String) List of principal user detection sources.
- `script_checks_run_interval_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds between script checks runs. Defaults to 86400 seconds (1 day).

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) `ID` of the Munki configuration.
- `version` (Number) Version of the Munki configuration.
